[TechDocs CLI] adding cypress testing (#9546)
backstage/backstage: packages/techdocs-cli/README.md

yarn techdocs-cli:dev [...options]
```

> ### Use an example docs project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using an example docs project
```
For consistency (running, using, testing)

> We have created an [example documentation project](https://github.com/backstage/techdocs-container/tree/main/mock-docs) and it's shipped with [techdocs-container](https://github.com/backstage/techdocs-container) repository, for the purpose of local development. But you are free to create your own local test site. All it takes is a `docs/index.md` and `mkdocs.yml` in a directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of local development, we have created an [example documentation project](https://github.com/backstage/techdocs-container/tree/main/mock-docs) which is shipped with the [techdocs-container](https://github.com/backstage/techdocs-container) repository. You are of course also free to create your own local test site - all it takes is a `docs/index.md` and an `mkdocs.yml` in a directory.
```

Then run `yarn test`.

> #### Run Cypress tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Running Cypress tests
```

> Running cypress tests requires you to run the CLI locally against our example docs project
> 
> Start by making sure you have the example project locally on your computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running cypress tests requires you to run the CLI locally against our example docs project.

Start by making sure that you have the example project locally on your computer:
```

```sh
git clone https://github.com/backstage/techdocs-container.git
```

> Run the local version of techdocs-cli against the example docs project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the local version of techdocs-cli against the example docs project:
```

```sh
# From the root of this repository run
# NOTE: This will build the techdocs-cli-embedded-app and copy the output into the cli dist directory

> yarn build --scope @techdocs/cli

Reviewer 2: We have a script that builds and runs the CLI locally in one go:
```sh
yarn techdocs-cli serve
```

Author: good point, in this case we want to run the cli with another example docs, therefore building separately. But I had added the prepack script to the `cypress:open` script which has now disappeared so will move that back. And with that we don't need this step. Thanks for pointing out! 

Another question - do you think I should move/duplicate the example docs project in here instead? that makes it easier to just run one test command which will do everything we need?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I found myself using the same `mock-docs/index.md` example when I was updating `mkdocs-material`. Maybe we can add the contents of `mock-docs/index.md` to a markdown file inside the Backstage `/docs` folder, on an examples page so we can preview the Backstage `/docs` folder and navigate to this new page in the test. What do you think?

Author: Yeah, the /docs documentation is pretty different as its the public docs thats used for (backstage.io) and that microsite uses docusaurus. So my suggestion is to add a docs folder to this package (techdocs-cli) if we want to move it.

Author: I moved the docs in this PR, see https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/9546/commits/77a13948c15ec3b67b72596fb90a0605a15369a7, which also could make the instructions a bit more clear in the README I think https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/9546/commits/a6352f90eaf5b1a1377d39b0d2ed8097dd98d5e2

# Navigate to the example project
cd techdocs-container/mock-docs

# Now execute the techdocs-cli serve command
../../backstage/packages/techdocs-cli/bin/techdocs-cli serve
```

> Run the cypress tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the cypress tests:
```
